so at the starting of the film we see a
character of a girl
whose name is raya and she is telling
the story of the past of that place
where she lives
she explains that few years back the
land was full of beauty and it seemed
like it is a piece of paradise
here dragons and humans used to live
together happily
they used to help each other in every
situation and even play together
the children of dragons and humans were
used to be friends
but suddenly one day some evil eye
affected our land and the evil spirits
arrived here
those evils start attacking our land and
whomever they touch
they are converted to stones they were
not happy at all because of our land's
peace and happiness
they keep destroying everything even
greenery and they made every one of our
people and dragons to stone
but when these things were happening a
small dragon named sisu
she managed to save herself along with
her brothers from them
except them all humans and dragons were
made to stone by the evil invaders
so sisu and her brothers made a plan
together to collect all the powers they
have in a gem stone
this power will consist of our love
peace and care and it will definitely
kill those evil spirits will finish
their magic
we will be able to make all the dragons
and humans to normal again
then they do the same sisu and all her
brothers put their love and powers in a
gem stone
after that they take it to the humans
made of stone and surprisingly they
begin to normalize
but here the sad thing is that the gem
wasn't affecting those dragons and they
never become normal
but the gem which they prepared after
putting their powers as now wanted by
everyone and everyone come behind that
stone
they say that maybe we can work on it
more and make the other dragons alive
then due to this our land was divided
into five parts
all of these five parts begin to fight
for the gem
our land was used to be the happiest
place there were streams and parks
everywhere
the people lived together and happily
but just because of those evil spirits
our land has to be divided into five
different parts
and our land turns into a desert raya
was telling this story being very sad
and after it
except sisu no dragon left in our land
actually
raya was also a small girl of this land
she had a small cute pet like hedgehog
raya loved to do adventures she takes
her pet everywhere with her
one day she was passing from a place and
there were many traps
while passing them she arrives at a very
high place
that is only the place where the gem was
secured that was placed by sisu and its
companions
many peoples were still behind it there
she sees
that a man was protecting it he was
guarding it
and he was none other than raya's father
he was the chief of that place
all of the people give him a lot of
respect this means raya was the daughter
of the chief of that place and she also
loves everyone there
here raya's father asks her that why
don't we do a small fight
my daughter none could reach here at
this place till now and if you will come
inside it
i will agree that my daughter is strong
enough to get this gem
so let's start then we see that raya was
trying to go inside it and her father
was stopping her
they were fighting with each other
beautifully raya was fond of adventures
from her childhood
and that's why she couldn't win the
fight here but she touches that circle
in which that gem was kept
due to this her father was very happy
that my daughter can do everything
he says to her that see i knew that my
daughter will guard this gem with
me i am proud of you after it raya's
father says to her daughter
see daughter you know that our commander
land was used to be beautiful
but it gets separated because of
people's fight all went far from us
behind this gem
we have to again gather them with love
and we have to make our land beautiful
again
for it do you know what i have done
today i have arranged a huge dinner
where i have called the people of other
lands also
and it is expected that everyone will
solve the problem
you also pray for it now we see that the
dinner starts
different kind of dishes was served the
people of other lands also arrived there
and there is the daughter of another
land chief
who was the same age fellow as of riya
they become
very good friends and they start talking
about their past land stories
then they start seeing its map and here
it reveals that sisu was a female dragon
and it was sleeping a sound sleep under
a stream for so long
this means when all the dragons were
made to stone she thought that now what
she will do living with humans
and she goes far from them because of
their fights they both plan to find it
and bring her back
because she was a very good dragon then
the daughter of the other chief gifts a
pendant to raya
they have developed a good friendship
raya was good-hearted so she thinks that
girl is good
her father forbids her but even then she
tells her that where that gem is kept
then both of them go to that place but
arriving there that girl changes
and she pushes raya away because her
purpose was only to get that gem
that bad girl says to raya that you
people had guard this gem enough
now our tribe will have this it is
obvious that we are also linked with
this gem
saying it that bad girl throws a glowing
thing towards the sky
this means she was calling her people
while giving them the signals
that the gem is here this was
pre-planned and within a couple of
seconds her tribe people arrives there
and they start fighting because of the
gem
when they were snatching that gem from
each other that gem falls down
and divides into five pieces when raya's
father comes there he becomes sad after
seeing it
and the very bad thing was that because
of that broken gem those evil spirits
again revive
they were about to attack them if they
would not do anything
soon they will again turn them into
stone now that gem was also broken
so how will they make them normalize
then raya's father
hurriedly picks up a piece of stone and
puts it in front of those evils
due to it those evils go far from them
he protects himself
his daughter and his kingdom a few
minutes
now the peoples of the other tribes also
pick up the pieces of that gem
they run from there while protecting
them they don't even care that raya's
father invited them with love at dinner
but they were here to do fight and to
take that gem
when raya's father was saving everyone
from those evil spirits
he get injured during this he was also
running behind them with raya
but he couldn't run because he was
injured there he says to his daughter
raya that my lovely daughter i trust you
a lot
i knew from that day that you will
protect this gem after me
i am staying here now further you have
to protect this gem and your kingdom
with it he pushes her daughter into that
river with that gem
then those evil spirits arrive there and
they make rya's father of stone
and here the scene changes these were
the happenings of the past
raya was telling this herself now raya
was grown older
six years have passed raya was working
on what her father had said to her
this means she was protecting the gem
and with it she was also searching for
the sisu dragon
that was under a stream according to her
she was searching for it to make them
all normal again
and she can make her father again a
normal man from stone
now raya's pet was also grown up they
have a very good bonding
they go together everywhere like before
now finally after a long time
raya arrives near that stream she feels
that the sisu dragon is here
she tries a lot and finally revives that
sisu dragon
she comes and says to sisu with love
that i have searched for you everywhere
now as you have been revived so listen
to me i am very worried and you have to
support me
here we see that sisu was a very cute
dragon
and as she sees that gem she goes mad
with happiness
she says that it is the same gem that we
have made it
she begin to glow in blue light then
raya says yes
i want this that you make it again so
that i can normalize my father
six years have passed and he is still of
stone then sisu acts innocently and she
says that my brothers have made it
i was small at that time i just only
fought with those evils with them
then sisu says but there is a solution
if i can get the all parts of this gem i
can join it
after it i can also make your father and
kingdom normal
sisu seems like pure-hearted dragon she
says that there is a special power
hidden in every piece of gem
and the funny thing is that those powers
will come in me while touching it
now they say that we will search those
pieces of gem and will join the pieces
now the three means sisu dragon raya and
her pet go to search for the pieces of
the gem
at first they go to the corner tribe and
there were many traps
now because raya was adventurous and
strong so she passes those traps
and here she easily picks the piece of
that gem here we come to know that
powers from this gem sisu get was that
it can change into any form
having this power she was also very
happy and she turns into a cute girl
with purple hair
but when the other land come to know
this then that bad girl who deceived
raya in childhood
she comes there with her army and starts
attacking them but raya and sisu run
from there
when they leave from there they see a
small boy who had a small boat
he asks them with love to come in his
boat but raya says to sisu dragon that
never trusts anybody
they see that the boat was sailing
slowly then the sisu dragon who can
swim jumps in the water and changes into
dragon and push the boat
due to this the boat sails speedily that
small kid tells them that those evils
have also made my family of stone and
now i am alone in this world
the three become good friends and they
spend their journey while talking to
each other
now they arrive in the land of third
tribe raya says sisu to stay in the boat
i will go there and see but there a
small girl comes in front of her who was
having three small monkeys
those monkeys run from there while
having her gems
but raya follows them and gets her gems
back raya catches them and that small
girl also
then she says to them that you are
looking too clever and very sharp would
you like to do work with me
i will give you fruits and money in
return then that small girl tells her
that those evils have made her parents
of stone and now i have nothing to do
so i will support you then they make a
team
meanwhile we see that the sisu dragon
arrives there
it starts snatching the things from the
people because she hadn't seen these
things before
people start catching her but then an
old woman arrives there and sisu
unconsciously says that we are here to
get the gem
that old woman traps her with her talk
and takes her here we see that the old
woman was also having a piece of gem
she says sisu to return the gem
otherwise i will call those evil spirits
here and they will kill you
but at the same time raya arrives there
she saves sisu and takes the peace gem
from that old woman
then we see that they go to another
tribe to bring the fourth piece of the
gem
but going there a man catches them he
was the best warrior of that place
then that bad girl also arrives there
the girl who gave the pendant to raya
in childhood she was a deceiver she
again tried to attack with her soldiers
but this time raya was also fighting
with her when sisu sees it
she immediately turns into a dragon and
takes out smoke from her mouth
due to this raya's life was saved but
now everyone knows that sisu is a dragon
and when the warrior sees that
she is that good dragon who didn't harm
anyone
he gets impressed and gives her that
fourth piece of the gem also
he says to her that i trust you that you
will normal everything
then they move from there sisu now also
has the power to reign
now the last tribe was left from where
they have to get the last piece of the
gem
that tribe was none other than a
ill-mannered girl who deceived raya
sisu gives her the idea that maybe like
this we can't get the piece of
gem because she is a sharp girl so why
don't we patch up with her
get that piece of gem while meeting her
because we have the other four pieces
we will ask her to return that piece and
we will make our kingdom good while
joining those pieces
but raya says to sisu that not any cost
sisu says to raya that how can i make
you understand
that there are also good peoples in the
world you have to trust
maybe everything will fine with your
trust you are the daughter of a good
human
then sisu takes her to that place the
place where all dragons were made of
stone
she also shows her brothers she says see
those were my brothers
but before turning into stone they
trusted me they gave me this gem
after that only i was able to defeat
those evil spirits
and see your father has also given you
this gem after trusting you
see sue's talking affects raya she
agrees to make a friendship with that
girl she gives a letter and that pendant
which was given by her in her childhood
to that small girl and her monkeys
there was written about patch up in that
letter means let's make friendship
when that girl reads that letter she
comes there with the gem to meet her
but she couldn't decide that whether i
should give her that gem or not
that girl puts that piece of gem on a
stone and lifts up her arrow gun
she was thinking that it may be their
trick and sisu dragon can attack her
but sisu comes to her to make her calm
down here that girl makes a mistake
she shoots an arrow with her arrow gun
on the sisu dragon
due to this sisu falls in the stream
when that girl notices it she gets very
scared because those evil spirits were
returning
sisu was the dragon of water and because
of her the water was left on this land
but now the water started to vanish
those evil spirits enter from the
boundaries of that land
that girl runs from there now raya was
also very much worried
when raya feels that sisu is dead now
and she has none
then she goes to fight with that girl in
anger they begin to fight with swords
with each other
on the other side we see that the pet of
raya that small boy
and that warrior were protecting
everyone with the piece of gem
raya and that girl were fighting in the
castle and raya was about to kill that
girl
and suddenly she sees outside and she
sees that the whole city is destroying
those evil spirits have attacked
everywhere raya immediately goes outside
to save the people to become the stone
and we see those evil spirits also made
the mother of that girl of stone
then she realizes that we are the same
kingdom and our enemy was just those
evil spirits
she feels hurt and she thinks i wish i
could realize before and i could save my
mother to become of stone
when it happens with her she start to
support raya then she goes outside and
protects people with that piece of gem
raya remembers suddenly that when the
attack of those evil spirits was
increased
so these dragons have put their love and
trust in this gem
so we have to do the same she says to
her companions to give every piece of
that gem
to the girl of another kingdom then they
all say that no we can't trust her
then raya says that we have to do this
with it
she gives the piece of her gem to that
girl and says to her that you have to
defeat those evil spirits while joining
all pieces
her companions didn't agree and they
don't give the pieces
meanwhile raya herself becomes stone
when they all see that raya tries to
save their lives while sacrificing her
life
they agree with raya trust that girl and
give her the pieces of the gem
that girl starts joining the pieces of
the gem but during this
the evil spirits make them all of the
stones
as that gem completes its five parts
joined together
those spirits also make that girl stone
then after some time of joining that gem
starts shining that gem becomes very
bright and energy comes out of it
that energy kills those all evil spirits
and then it starts raining there
due to its positive energy all the
people of stone become normal
and the good thing was that the dragons
also become normal because of it
due to the rain and because the dragons
were returning the streams and rivers
again started to fill with water
all dragons start dancing then we see
that all dragons and humans meet each
other
the persons whom families were made
stone hug each other and all become
happy
raya also goes to meet her father raya's
father becomes happy while seeing her
young
and he was proud of his daughter then
sisu also arrives there
she says to him that chief i have a gift
for you
behind it other tribes peoples were also
coming there
they were impressed by the chief and
raya they come there to patch up with
them
here we see that the gem was joined and
so the people of these kingdoms
how can we forget chief raya and sisu
they were also very much happy
this means to trust and caring about
each other with love can make everything
fine
if we are together then we are a power
otherwise
we are nothing